Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Alpha 1220. over.
- Alpha 120.
We have a call about
possible disturbance.
in the town center. over.
- Roger.
Where'd the call
come from. over?
- We've
have several reports now.
Apparently it's
coming from behind
the Alcoholic House. over.
- Roger. Alpha one.
We're on our way. over.
Alpha 120. show me
attendance. over.
- Roger.
1120. in attendance.
- Where'd you
say the call came from?
- Last
report came from the
Alcoholic House on Queen Street.
He said it sounded like somebody
beating up an animal. over.
- An animal?
- Yes. confirmed.
Sounded like an animal
in pain is what he said.
- Alpha. I
think I see something now.
It looks like a young male.
- Marjorie. how's
the report going?
- It's all right. I'm
just doing it now.
- This in no way
reflects on you.
You had three very
good cases before.
- I know.
- Personnel says you refused
the offer of counseling.
- I'm alright.
It goes with the territory.
- Good.
- Well. when you're quite ready.
just step inside my office.
There's something I'd like
you to have a little look at.
He's only given us
the name. Nathan.
We think he's under 18. but
with no way of confirming it.
They found him sleeping rough
under the railway arches.
- They?
- The police. they found
him torturing an animal.
There was a struggle and
he assaulted one of them.
Oh. when they got
into the station.
they realized he had problems.
They took him to be assessed.
And the mental health nurse
very kindly recommended
they bring him here.
What do you expect me to
do at five in the morning?
I've got no idea. he's here.
He's waiting to be seen.
- Can't you give it to Elaine?
She's more than capable.
- Elaine's over booked.
I've got two staff on
long term sick leave.
I've got one on holiday.
I keep telling the
council I need more staff.
And that's what I'm asking
you. you're all I've got.
- Thanks.
- You know what I mean.
Look. I wouldn't ask you
under these circumstances
if it wasn't
absolutely essential
but the show must go on.
Can't you just.
just take a look?
- Is he violent?
- Well. got no
reason to believe so.
I mean. he did resist arrest.
but that's probably out of fear.
- What about mental health
team. what do they say?
- No obvious psychopathy.
but he seems perfectly
healthy and normal.
He won't talk to us.
Not even a surname.
he's a bit of a mystery.
- There's nothing in here.
There's no medical history.
nothing about family.
Nothing where he's been.
What exactly am I
supposed to do with that?
- Well. I mean.
you had such a good
rapport with the Swan boy.
I thought you might be
able to get it out of him.
- Look. no one could have
known what was gonna happen.
- I should have.
- You win some. you lose some.
You gotta get used to that
if you wanna be a supervisor.
Look. you can't save everybody.
You've gotta focus on those
you can still do something for.
Can't you at least
just have a try?
- Nathan?
Nathan. my name's
Marjorie Dawson.
I'm a social worker.
Look. I understand the
police arrested you.
but that was just a mistake.
Nobody's gonna harm you now.
It's all right mate.
you can leave us now.
- You sure?
- Yeah. we're fine.
- You wanna keep an eye on him.
He's a vicious little bleeder.
- I find that hard to believe.
You're not gonna attack
me. are you. Nathan?
Honestly. we'll be
fine. thank you.
- It's your funeral.
- You don't seem very
worried or upset?
- Everyone's afraid of me.
- Why is that?
'Cause of the animal you killed?
Dog. wasn't it?
What did you want it for?
It's okay.
You can talk to me.
Police are not gonna file
any charges against ya.
Last boy I looked after.
he'd done much worse
And there people
here that have done
some terrible things themselves.
- I wanted it all.
The blood.
It's not good when it's cold.
- I'll take him.
All right?
I know it don't look much.
but at least it's dry.
Come on.
- I've never stayed
indoors before.
- What. do you mean
you've never slept inside?
Hey.
Come on.
It's all right.
I'll be with you.
Let's go
You get your own room
and real bed in it.
Get breakfast. lunch
and dinner as well.
I'm sure you'll get
used to it in time.
There somewhere else
you'd rather be?
You've not touched your tea.
I'm gonna get going now. Nathan.
I'll be back tomorrow. okay?
And there's someone
on duty all night.
His name's Alan.
Everyone thinks he's pretty
cool 'cause he plays a guitar.
It's quiet air this
weekend as well
so enjoy that while it lasts.
You're not a prisoner. you know?
You could leave anytime you
like. the doors are not locked.
But I'd really like you to stay.
I hope you give us a
chance to help you.
Oh. I nearly forgot.
Got this.
This belonged to the last
boy that I looked after.
He said it was his
good luck charm.
You can have it.
- The last boy you helped.
did he get better?
- Yeah. he did.
All right. goodnight then.
- Hi. Nathan.
I'm Alan Mayer.
Breakfast's ready.
Well. we'll be in the kitchen
whenever you're ready now.
- Nathan. where
do you come from?
I mean. originally.
You know any friends
or relatives?
is there anybody that
I can call for you?
Nathan. why did you
attack that policeman?
- He was stopping me.
Getting what I need.
- The report says you were
trying to eat that dog.
Did you kill it?
- Yeah.
- Why?
If you were that desperate.
why didn't you just get
something out of a bin
or at the back of a
restaurant or something?
- I wasn't eating it.
- Then I don't understand.
- I wanted it for blood.
The blood of the life.
- Nathan?
Nathan?
You all right?
You seem very busy.
how's it going?
- Okay.
Okay.
It's hard to ask someone
if they've been abused or not
when all you know about
them is their first name.
Have we still not got anything
as all on his parents?
- Well. the police have
checked their records.
So far. no one's been reported
as missing that matches
his description.
They're checking
the other forces.
- What about DNA
and fingerprints?
- Well. they took
them at the station.
but either he's never
done anything wrong
or he's never been caught.
Has he said anything?
- One or two things.
Do you know what the
blood of the life means?
- No. why?
- No. it's just
something that he said.
Probably not important.
- I'll leave you to carry on.
Oh. I'm up to my eyes
and I've got five new
cases coming today
and God knows where they
think I'm gonna put them.
The sooner you get him through
the system. the better.
Well. keep up the good work.
- You want that?
Stab me.
So. what are you in for?
You're quiet.
That's cool.
I got done selling weed.
You know. wacky backer.
Made a fortune.
But then my stepdad found out
and that's how I ended up here.
My real dad's in
Australia though.
That's where I'm going as
soon as I get out of here.
What about you?
- I killed a dog and ate it.
- Well. it's just a sandwich.
- You said you don't
remember your parents.
You've been able to remember
anything about
where you come from?
I was wondering. have you ever
been in a church or a mosque?
Any kind of organized
religion thing?
A cult maybe.
What about friends?
You can't have been on
your own your entire life.
Must be someone.
- No one.
- Don't worry.
you've got me now.
Hey Nathan.
I'm just gonna ask
you a few questions.
It's just so the
people that I work for
can see that I'm helping you
'cause that's my job. you see?
To help people.
- People like me?
- Yeah.
You told me that you killed
the dog to drink it's blood.
Why do do you like
to kill animals?
- Dogs
are easier.
Cats are easier to.
- Easier than what. Nathan?
Than people?
Nathan. are you saying you'd
hunt people if you could?
It's okay. nothing you tell
me is gonna leave this room.
- Animals are okay
when you're hungry.
- All right.
We'll come back to that.
I asked you if you remembered
anything about your childhood.
Sometimes it's easier
to remember things
if you just sit and
close your eyes.
- I don't like to.
- Why not?
- You can get attacked.
People are weak
when they're asleep.
- Do you like girls. Nathan?
- Sometimes.
- What about other times?
It depends.
- On what?
What do you think
about me. Nathan?
- You're old.
Older woman
wearing brown.
You have weak arms and legs.
You couldn't run very fast.
I'd catch you easily.
You're nervous now.
I can hear you breathing
And you have a
stain on you. there.
- Sorry. I didn't
mean to scare you.
- Sorry. my fault.
I was miles away. just reading.
- How you getting on
with that new boy?
- Nathan?
Yeah. good.
He's truly opening up.
In fact. I think we're on
the verge of a breakthrough.
- Really?
I thought he was catatonic.
- No. you just have to
know how to speak to them.
Once they know that you're
there for them no matter what.
they tell you everything.
- I've been meaning
to talk to you.
you know. about what happened.
It must have been
terrible for you.
You know. finding
that boy like that.
I don't know what I'd do. you
know. if one of my boys OD'd.
Said you've refused counseling.
- Mr. Josh put you up to this?
- No. no.
You know. I was just concerned
'cause of what happened.
I thought--
- I'm fine.
Thanks for your concern.
but honestly I'm fine.
- Really?
What's that?
- Just exploring some
different possibilities.
He's just in the
grip of a delusion.
- Yeah. well delusions
can be dangerous.
You know. you don't have to
deal with this on your own.
I can help you.
I can sit on the
interviews with you.
Like you said. if
he's opening up.
Two heads are better than one.
- Yeah. I let you know. cheers.
- Where you going?
- Out.
- Saw you go out the other day.
Where'd you go?
- Nowhere.
- Don't go all psycho on me.
Look. I know loads
of people in town.
Big time dealers. we can
go score if you want.
Gotta watch it though.
It'd be safer if we go together.
All right. I lied
about the weed.
Know why I really got sent here?
My parents both died when our
boat turned over on holiday.
Right in the middle
of the ocean.
I was the only one
that got saved.
Could really do with
getting out of here though.
- Oi!
What's going on?
- It's only. Alan.
Give him some drama and
he won't tell on us.
Tomorrow?
It's a date. yeah?
- Okay. Nathan.
Now you were telling me you like
to drink the blood of animals.
but you didn't tell me why.
- Something on
your mind. Nathan?
- All right. let's talk
about something else
That day when the
police found you.
where did you come from?
- I walked.
- Where from?
- Don't know.
I walk a lot.
- How long have you
lived on the streets for?
A week?
Month?
Longer?
- Don't remember.
Do you remember anything at
all about where you came from?
- Just dreams.
- Like what?
I remember a town.
A castle over a field.
- Is that where you came from?
- No. there were men.
Soldiers.
The walls fell. I ran away.
- Where did you go next?
- I can't remember.
I see faces.
More men
and the other golden bird.
Long knives in their hand.
- You mean like swords?
What about the faces.
what do they do?
We have to burn them.
it's the only way.
I have to go sleep now.
But I don't want to.
I want to remember.
- What happens when you sleep?
- That's how I get away
from them. the faces.
I sleep for a long time.
When wake up. they're gone.
They're all gone.
I wake up.
everything's different.
Castle's are gone.
- How long do you sleep for?
I don't remember.
Nathan. how old are you?
- I don't remember.
- All right. can
we stop the tape
and have a word?
- What is it?
- It's a delusion and
you are feeding it.
- What. how?
By trying to understand him?
- Come on. he needs
medication and counseling.
- We were making progress.
- No we weren't.
He was just feeding
you this story
and you were swallowing
everything he was saying.
- You heard him. he
was in a war zone.
- God. what. where
they had swords?
I'm telling you
this as a friend.
If you went to charge with this.
they'd laugh you out the office.
- So we're back to me.
- This kid is telling
you a fantastical story
and you are believing it.
- He trusts me.
He was opening up.
- How. by lying?
He's just trying to get you
on his side. that's all.
Teenagers can be
manipulative. you know?
Do you really think that
he was attacked by soldiers
and escaped by hibernating
until everything
around him disappeared?
- I'm not stupid.
- I'm really glad you're
getting yourself back to work.
I am.
I'm just a bit concerned
he might be taking you
for a bit of a ride.
- I do have to be on my own.
- Have you seen the new kid?
Don't eat much. does he?
- Hadn't noticed.
- Shit!
Call the ambulance!
- Anemia. ame me
more than likely.
Should have brought him before.
- It has been a
little bit difficult.
- Right.
I have to give you a little exam
just to make sure you don't
have any diseases. okay?
Let's start by having a
little listen. shall we?
Breathe in.
Breathe out.
Breath in.
Any fever.
headaches. dizziness. itchiness?
Any pains anywhere?
That seems fine.
I'd just like to take a
little blood sample then.
You can just raise
up your sleeve.
- Nathan!
Nathan!
Nathan?
Nathan.
Nathan. it's all
right. it's alright.
It's okay.
Honestly. we're not
gonna do this test now.
We're not gonna do it.
We need to go back in
just for one minute.
One more. little quick thing.
We're done.
I'm gonna stay with you
every single step of the way.
I'll be with you.
I'm gonna make sure that
you are right. okay?
You trust me?
- Okay. well. we'll skip
the blood test for now.
Just keep an eye out
for some symptoms. hey?
You don't mind if
we do an oral exam?
Open wide.
Open. sorry.
And underneath.
Say. "Ah."
Look. if I was you I'd
get a second opinion.
I mean. I'd even get a third.
I've done as much as I can.
You haven't even told us
what's wrong with him.
- Look. he has
something up his tongue.
I've not seen anything like
it apart from an animal's.
- Is it dangerous?
- I don't think so.
But I mean. I could
speculate on it's purpose.
Look. I know some friends
who run a medical facility.
They can have a look at him.
They'd pay you to do it.
- That's not. I don't
think I could do that.
It's not my place.
- Please. just take the card.
Have a think about it.
Phone this number.
Tell them I recommended you.
They pay very well.
It's fascinating. really.
- Hi.
Are you Valentin?
- Who's asking?
- We spoke by email
yesterday. I'm Marjorie.
- Who's this?
She looks like a tax inspector.
- I wanted to know a bit more
about you all
being. you know ...
Vampires.
- Let me talk to her.
Have a seat.
- The site said after midnight.
So I thought I'd
just come and see.
Just. I've got some questions.
- I've got a few for you.
Do you work for the police?
- No. no.
I'm a social worker.
- You don't work for the church?
Not come to rid
me of my evil ways
or for corrupting
the mind's of others?
So what do you want?
- I've got a young boy that
I'm working with and he thinks.
he thinks he's like you.
He wants to drink blood.
- How old is he?
- 16. 17. we're not too sure.
We found him on the street.
I'm just trying to find someone
similar who can tell me.
can it be reversed?
- You mean like a cure?
There's not really
a cure for it.
You either drink blood
or you don't drink blood.
- She's still here?
- She wants to know what we do.
- Why don't we show you.
Maybe I should just go.
- Don't worry. it's
safe enough here.
I was 15 when I
first drank blood.
First I drank my own.
Then I discovered the internet
and other people like me.
Now we're everywhere.
- But I thought you
like to hunt people.
- God. no.
What do you think we are?
We never take anything by force.
- Is it dangerous?
- What we do here is
purely consensual.
We only drink from each other.
We never sleep around.
We get tested for
diseases once a month
and we never drink
from strangers.
- So. it's a compulsion?
- Does it disgust you?
Are you appalled by us?
- Should I be?
Sorry. I think I've
wasted your time.
- Wait a minute.
How real do you want this to be?
When we don't drink
blood. we get sick.
Real physical sickness.
What do you want me to say?
That my name's Steven
and I work in insurance?
And Talia's an art student?
That's what we are
during the day.
But when we come here.
we're whoever we want to be.
You get that?
We're here living our dreams.
Reality is all in the mind.
- Not for me.
Thank you for your time.
- What is it you want to see?
- What's her problem?
You're just gonna sit there?
Please eat something.
Nathan. I'm so
worried about you.
but I can't help you if you
won't tell me what's wrong.
Are you're trying to
starve yourself to death?
- You don't believe me.
- Believe what?
If this carries on they're gonna
take you away to a hospital.
Is that what you want?
- I'm not sick.
I'm hungry.
Are you sick when you're hungry?
- What is that?
That thing under your tongue?
Has it always been there?
Does it hurt?
- It feels like I'm dying.
I'm hungry.
- Tell me how I can help you.
- Oh.
- Sorry.
- Marjorie. you all right?
- I've been thinking. you
know. about what you're saying?
- Yeah?
About talking. everything
that happened with Curtis.
And I'd like to. if that's okay.
- Yeah. good.
- Is that all right?
- Maybe should go somewhere
a bit more private though.
- Yeah.
- Do you think we could
go to the care home?
- Care home?
- Just that. that's
where it happened
and everything
that went on there.
- No. I understand.
- I feel. is that all right?
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
Are you free now?
I can take us there.
- Yeah. I'll just
grab your coat.
I'll put a note in the diary
so they no where we've gone.
- Cheers. brilliant.
- I'm really glad you've decided
to ask for help. you know?
'Cause we all need a sympathetic
ear every now and then.
- That's where I found him.
- Yeah.
- And keeping a secret
stash of heroin.
No one knew.
- Must have been
terrible for you.
You can't keep blaming
yourself though. you know?
No. I know now. it was my fault.
He trusted me and
I let him down.
I think this is
my second chance.
- Yeah. everybody gets one.
- Just in the corner over there.
- Yeah.
Come here.
Come on. it'll be all right.
Everything will be
all right. you'll see.
I've spent my life
helping people
with no one else to turn to.
People who didn't fit in.
Who couldn't look
after themselves.
I won't leave you now.
It'll be all right. you'll see.
Everything's gonna be fine.
Better now?
- Marjorie. I'm gonna
be tied up for a bit.
Take my calls.
- Is everything okay?
- It's Elaine. she's missing.
Her family hasn't
seen her for two days.
- Her family?
I thought she was divorced.
- Yes. but she's got two
children. boy and a girl.
They've been looked
after by an uncle.
Apparently didn't come
home the other night.
I know I'm gonna have to
reallocate all her work.
I don't know where I'm
supposed to move it to.
They're not gonna
give us anybody else.
And now. I've gotta speak
to the police as well.
They're trying to
retrace her movements.
- Yes?
- Sorry to interrupt.
Printer's jammed. I really
need that court document.
I've gotta get going
in a few minutes.
- No. really?
That's the second
time this week.
Oh. right.
Excuse me.
- Okay.
- Sorry.
- It's all right.
Well just let me grab that.
Do you want anything.
tea or coffee?
- No. I'm all right. thank you.
- All right. cheers.
- Nathan?
Do you wanna go to the shops?
Did I tell you I won
the lottery once?
It's in a trust fund.
Can't get it 'til I'm 18.
- Nathan?
What have you done?
Jesus Christ.
You fucking nutcase.
- Hey.
Maybe they won't come
looking after all.
I should have
planned this better.
This is all my fault.
It's so stupid.
Can you forgive me?
- Sorry about this.
But we have to check
up on every lead.
- No. I understand.
- Ms. Harding sent
a text message
from her phone to her ex-husband
about picking her kids up
the day that she disappeared.
It also said that she
was coming here with you
and then she'd be
making her way home.
- That's right.
I brought her up from the
office. brought her with me.
I got a new boy now.
he's pretty vulnerable.
I thought she might be able
to help me out with him.
- Did she?
- Yeah. she was amazing.
I couldn't have
managed without her.
She didn't stay
that long though.
About an hour or so
and then she left.
- Can I ask how?
- What'd you mean?
- How did she leave?
You say that she came
here with you in your car.
So did she walk home?
- Yeah. yeah. she walked home.
- Is there someone else here?
- Just Nathan. the young boy
that I brought Elaine to see.
- I think I better
talk to him then.
- Okay.
Nathan?
Nathan. there's a
police officer here.
He'd like to speak to you.
Come in. he's pretty shy.
- Charlie 2480--
- Charlie 2--
- Imagine you'll have to
hit the road again soon.
We just sleep 'til
this is all over.
How long this time?
10. 15?
100 years?
That's all that
hibernation for you.
Go to sleep.
When you wake up.
everyone who's ever
hurt you. dead.
Sure I could do that.
You might like that.
don't you think?
There's another boy like you.
His name was Curtis.
I couldn't save him either.
He died right in front of me.
I tried to keep his
heart beating but
in the end it just stopped.
You best need to get going.
Police will be here soon.
You're gonna need something
to slide you over.
It must be so hard.
never knowing when you'll
get your next meal.
At least I can do
something. right?